docs: update mfa docs (#23777)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/access-controls/guides/per-session-mfa.mdx

- Second factor hardware device, such as YubiKey or SoloKey
- A Web browser with [WebAuthn support](
  https://developers.yubico.com/WebAuthn/WebAuthn_Browser_Support/) (if using

>   SSH or Desktop sessions from the Teleport Web UI).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  SSH or desktop sessions from the Teleport Web UI).
```

Current limitations for this feature are:

- For SSH connections besides the Web UI, the `tsh` or Teleport Connect client must be used for per-session MFA.
  (The OpenSSH `ssh` client does not work with per-session MFA).
- Only `kubectl` supports per-session WebAuthn authentication for Kubernetes.

> - Database access with per-session MFA only works with `tsh db connect`, not Teleport Connect yet.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Database access with per-session MFA only works with `tsh db connect`.
  Per-session MFA for databases is not supported in Teleport Connect.
```

Current limitations for this feature are:

> - For SSH from the Desktop machine, the `tsh` or Teleport Connect client must be used for per-session MFA.

Author: To give content on where the user is connecting from besides the browser.  Perhaps we should say non Web UI or desktop clients?

> - For SSH from the Desktop machine, the `tsh` or Teleport Connect client must be used for per-session MFA.

Author: basically that statement doesn't apply to the web ui

> - For SSH from the Desktop machine, the `tsh` or Teleport Connect client must be used for per-session MFA.

Reviewer: Does "Desktop machine" mean "the user's workstation"?

> - For SSH from the Desktop machine, the `tsh` or Teleport Connect client must be used for per-session MFA.

Reviewer 2: I think saying _desktop_ is going to confuse people because other parts of this page use that to refer to desktop access sessions.

> - For SSH from the Desktop machine, the `tsh` or Teleport Connect client must be used for per-session MFA.

Author: Thanks, please see update.  Also mentioned the db access limitation in regards to Teleport Connect.

> - For SSH from the Desktop machine, the `tsh` or Teleport Connect client must be used for per-session MFA.

Author: @zmb3 good to approve?
